{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green253\blue213;\red254\green223\blue152;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99682\c99006\c86634;\cssrgb\c99898\c89464\c65948;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16460\viewh11540\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TEAMNAME: \
	\'93group_by(yellow)\'94\
\
\
we want to:\
	see for famous people wether they went to school and what type of school\
\
\
\cb2 see for all people who are well known in the english-speaking world who have listed that they went to  university, why are they now famous/what occupation is listed?\
\cb1 \
\
- the database is limited to english speaking countries -> filter to just US?\
\
focusing on what is represented vs. focusing on what is in the world\
\
\
\
ideas:\
\
alma mater/former high school /school - find schools with many successful ppl, do you need to go to school to be of influence?\
- find schools that are named often \
\cb3 - find what percentage of individuals hold degrees and what kind per group\
-> artists, political figures, etc. \cb1 \
find how it changes through the ages? -> trends over time for each group\
\
\
steps of complexity:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - high school or not\
- college or not \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - - degree type - associates, magister, bachelor\'92s, master\'92s \
\
further options:\
- field of studies\
- trends over time for each group \
- define schools that are named more than others \
\
inclusion criteria:\
- natural person\
	- no positions - no \'91bishop\'92 but yet \'91bishop twelve\'94\
	- no mythical creatures\
	- no cartoon characters\
	- no fictional characters\
- born after 1200s - fit into the degree system we want to use or \
	alt. people that are still alive or \
	alt. 20th century onwards\
- groups: artists, academics, political figures, monarchs etc. , sports people, business people\
	alt. artists vs. business people\
	alt. compare to external data?\
\
\
underlying assumptions: \
- you are famous if you are on wikipedia \
- they completed the college successfully if its listed - does not account for dropout \
	alt. who starts college since we can\'92t filter for dropouts\
	alt. look at education beyond bachelor\'92s - assumes that BSc is finsihed\
\
labels to use:\
	- species \
	- \'93natural person\'94\
	- birth-year\
	- education			-> everyone that went to college\
	(- filter for specific population, aka \'93 in the US/UK/ etc. )\
	- analyse what occupations/reasons for being famous they have listed\
	(- see which groups in this have their degrees listed)\
\
\
\
could limit to just the US to unify system \
could limit to just people that list a degree - might miss out on ppl that have unlisted degree\
\
\
\
\
\
}